New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/cc-blast.adoc

= CC Blast

`Detachment ability`

Some forces are able to disrupt their close combat opponents, for example by infecting them with Nurgle's Rot.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
'CC Blast' and 'FF Blast' are temporary names -- we hope to settle on better names for these abilities in future.
In a perfect world, these abilities will have names that are evocative and yet which also neatly hint at the relatedness of their distinct yet similar gameplay effects. Easier said than done!
====
```

Author: OK.

---

Where your detachment has the {cc-blast} ability and takes part in a close combat:

> * After rolling to resolve the close combat, every enemy detachment that was in base contact with your detachment gains one Blast marker. This effect does not stack with other detachments with the {cc-blast} ability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After you roll for assault resolution in this close combat, place one additional Blast marker on each enemy detachment that had any units in base contact with units in this detachment.
This effect does *not* stack with other detachments that also have the {cc-blast} ability.
```

Author: Yes and no!

'Additional' infers that there are already Blast markers being placed on the enemy detachments, but that happens in the _next_ step and only if you win the close combat. I think this can be easily fixed by removing 'additional'. 

So:

```suggestion
* After you roll for assault resolution in this close combat, place one Blast marker on each enemy detachment that had any units in base contact with units in this detachment.
This effect does *not* stack with other detachments that also have the {cc-blast} ability.
```

Although... maybe we should just refer to the step directly? In which case:

```suggestion
* At the end of xref:roll-to-resolve-the-close-combat.adoc[], place one Blast marker on each enemy detachment that had any units in base contact with units in this detachment.
This effect does *not* stack with other detachments that also have the {cc-blast} ability.
```

'After rolling to resolve the close combat' was intentionally echoing the step title 'CC3. Roll to resolve the close combat', but if you think 'After you roll for assault resolution in this close combat' works better, I have no objection.

Reviewer: > 'Additional' infers that there are already Blast markers being placed on the enemy detachments, but that happens in the next step and only if you win the close combat. I think this can be easily fixed by removing 'additional'.

Ah yes, I see your point.

> 'After rolling to resolve the close combat' was intentionally echoing the step title 'CC3. Roll to resolve the close combat', but if you think 'After you roll for assault resolution in this close combat' works better, I have no objection.

The way that we refer to assault resolution varies a bit — we haven't found a single way to do it that is unambiguous and robust in all cases. While the topic titles are 'CC3. Roll to resolve the close combat' and 'FF3. Roll to resolve the firefight', the titles of the procedures within are 'Assault resolution roll (close combat)' and 'Assault resolution roll (firefight)', respectively.

IIRC, we sometimes need to refer to the 'assault resolution roll' (or the 'roll for assault resolution') to cover both close combat and firefight. (I think the main instances were on the Fate cards that I've started on, but are probably elsewhere in the rules too — I can't remember right now.)

We seem to have several options:

1. 'After you roll to resolve the close combat'
2. 'After you roll for assault resolution in this close combat' (or perhaps 'After you make the assault resolution roll in this close combat')
3. 'At the end of the xref:main-rules:roll-to-resolve-the-close-combat.adoc[] step'

I suspect that players will 'get it' in any of these cases, but: I've just noticed that we'll also have to be careful not to leave room for players to think that this ability means that when there is a draw, this ability will add a Blast marker *each time* on top of the one that they place as a result of the draw (which happens 'after the roll').

For this reason especially, I think that your suggestion for (3) seems best over all — in part because the 'at the end of the step' phrasing leaves less room for interpretation than the 'after the roll' phrasing. So:

```suggestion
* At the end of the xref:main-rules:roll-to-resolve-the-close-combat.adoc[] step, place one Blast marker on each enemy detachment that had any units in base contact with units in this detachment.
This effect does *not* stack with other detachments that also have the {cc-blast} ability.
```

= CC Blast

`Detachment ability`

> Some forces are able to disrupt their close combat opponents, for example by infecting them with Nurgle's Rot.

Reviewer: I have some thoughts on how to edit this and the equivalent under _FF Blast_. Ideally, they'd mirror each other pretty closely in terms of the information structures that they map to.

However, the examples you've roughed out don't seem to parallel each other — which is partly a function of the fact that at present we don't parallel how we grant the effects in the builder, and partly a function of my unfamiliarity with fluff behind the term 'Kakophoni'.

At present, the builder grants _CC Blast_ through the Mark of Nurgle, whilst it grants _FF Blast_ not through the Mark of Slaanesh but rather through this other thing called 'Kakophoni'.

So, first: Will you bundle _FF Blast_ into the Mark of Slaanesh to mirror _CC Blast_ under Mark of Nurgle? Or, do you mean to use Mark of Slaanesh and Kakophoni in such a way that you can't do this because they don't always apply *together*?

Second: Is 'Kakophoni' a catch-all for various Slaanesh gifts like 'Allure of Slaanesh' (and therefore functionally equivalent to something 'Contagions' at the level of Mark of Nurgle)? Or is it a specific gift that applies to the likes of Noise Marines, as the name implies (and therefore functionally equivalent to something like Nurgle's Rot, at the level of the specific unit)?

Author: To summarise a long discussion on FB about Marks and rules:

Close combat disruption works for the Mark of Nurgle, not matter what type of detachment it's added to.
Ranged disruption isn't as good a fit for the Mark of Slaanesh, both from a background point of view and how it would help different detachments. In particular, all the original Slaaneshi Daemon units have 0 Firepower, and absolutely do _not_ want to be involved in a firefight!

For the Emperor's Children Chapter, on the other hand, firefight disruption is a perfect fit, to represent their sonic weapons, and is a much less drastic change than giving them all Disrupt. In modern background, the Kakophoni were originally a Heresy-era Emperor's Children unit that were the first to use sonic weaponry, and the term spread to cover Noise Marines and sonic weapons in general.

So the Mark of Slaanesh is Stubborn, representing the units not caring about Blast markers, and echoing the original Epic 40k Noise Marine unit having Stubborn.

But the Emperor's Children detachment _also_ has Kakophoni/FF Blast, and is the only detachment that has it so far. Although I'd like to add it to the Slaaneshi Scout Titans, and to the Supreme Commander detachment if a Noise Marine Commander is taken.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha — makes sense, thanks. I think I know what to do now. I'll add suggestions to both abilities shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These units have some special means to disrupt their opponents in close combat. 

For example, Plague Marines of Nurgle carry the potent daemonic disease known as Nurgle's Rot, which corrupts and debilitates those who come into contact with it.
```

= CC Blast

`Detachment ability`

These units have some special means to disrupt their opponents in close combat. 

> For example, Plague Marines of Nurgle carry the potent daemonic disease known as Nurgle's Rot, which corrupts and debilitates those who come into contact with it.

Reviewer: I've just spotted something that makes this example slightly awkward: In the Chaos Commander detachment in the builder, there's a _Nurgle's Rot_ Daemon Price upgrade option. Given that this is a different effect to the one we're associating with Nurgle's Rot here, there is the potential for confusion.

Any thoughts on this? The first thing that occurred to me was to perhaps rename the upgrade in the builder to something like "Nurgle's Blessing". But perhaps it is better to change the example here again, to something more generalised like:

```suggestion
For example, forces of the Chaos god Nurgle often carry potent daemonic plagues which corrupt and debilitate those who come into contact with them.
```
